Hey, Monarch!
Huh?
I'm taking
your fuckin' car!
24!
Nooooo!!
Nooo!
Agent Samson!
Agent Samson,
can you hear me?
Medic! I need a medic
over here!
Heartrate's dropping.
We gotta get that...
schrapnel out
of him now!
It's huge.
I need more suction here...
He's flatlining.
Stay with us, Samson!
Oh, you are a squirmy one,
Venture.
Sit still.
Hank... Hank?
Do you have it? Over.
Yeah, it's a clean shot.
Good!
Hold it there.
Dean?
Come in, Dean.
Aahh! What?
Did you stab him
to death yet?
No, I didn't.
I lost my knife again.
Because I hate it.
I'm gonna take
my shot now.
I have it figured out
that if I can just
skim pop's belt buckle,
maybe the bullet
will ricochet off it
and kill the guy
with the gun.
Hank, I will give you
so much money
to not shoot your dad.
I don't wanna do this,
Mr. Hatred.
I'm not giving you
a choice here!
You gotta stab Hitler!
I can't!
All right,
ya forced my hand.
HELPeR, come in HELPeR.
HELPeR,
murder Hitler.
Down boy!
Down! Down!
Heel!
Giant boy detective, no!
Come back!
Dean!
Don't look at it!
Shut your eyes, Dean!
Don't look at it,
no matter what happens!
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
It's beautiful!
Ahh!
You're getting face
all over me!
Hot melting face!
I did it...
Yep, I hit every light
with one bullet.
Ow!
Hello? Anyone?
Well, what the hell
do we do with the big lug
when he wakes up?
We put him back to work.
- The guy's a damn traitor.
- He quit the agency!
Top brass thinks there's
still some use for him
if he can be
persuaded to curtail
certain anti-social behaviors.
What're they thinkin'?
The old brain drain?
Full memory wipe?
No. That brain of his
has got
20 years worth of news
we can use.
He just needs a little
attitude adjustment.
Wakey wakey,
Mr. Hatred.
It's time to make
all those little naked boys
in your head go
bye bye...
Stop him!!!
Bring him back to room
2-2-7 and strap him down.
Oh, Samson.
What're you doing out of bed--
Oh, hey!
What'd you bastards
do to me?
You were dying!
We saved your life!
Why, so I could be one
of your zombies?
I know the kind of shit
you do on this level.
Sick bay was
full of wounded!
We had nowhere else
to bring you!
What the hell
did you do to me?
Just relax, Samson.
Let us take care of you.
Oh, god!
Please...don't kill me!
I'm not.
No!
No, HELPeR!
Whatever you do, do not engage
your helicopter blades!
You'll kill us both!
No, I won't.
Just trust me.
Aaaahhh!
Hank, you take out
the lights.
I'll get the Nazis.
I mean, if Oswald
can squeeze off
three hot slugs
in six seconds,
old Hatred can drop evil Nazis
in half that time.
Is it me, or does every Nazi
wanna clone Hitler?
It's like the only thing
they think of.
Seems that way, right?
I guess when
everybody hates you,
ya fixate on making
rotten Hitlers.
How can you say that
about Hitler?!
I love Hitler!
And Hitler loves me!
He's not all bad.
Hitler just needs someone
to believe in him!
Can't you just
give Hitler a chance?
Dean!
Hitler is a mass murderer!
He's pure evil!
And you have to kill him!
I won't destroy the only thing
I've ever loved!
I won't kill Hitler!
Never ever!
You might want to look
at your face.
Oh, come on!
I shoulda asked RuPaul
to paint my camo face!
I'll kill Hitler!
I've killed hundreds
of Nazis before.
Many of them
with a grenade launcher.
Medal of Honor, Heroes II.
I can also blow up
a submarine.
He must be killed
with this golden dagger.
And only after
the cleansing of fire.
And Dean is the only one
he'll let get close enough
to do it.
All right, everybody out.
I gotta wipe.
Good lord, have you been using
the toilet under there
this whole time?
We are at war
with Hitler again!
This is how it's done on
the front lines, soldier!
Hank, hand me that magazine!
We're out of TP.
Hey, um...Mister?
News flash from
the situation room.
We're outta toilet paper...
You told me you hadda make
number one, not number two, kid.
Well, I don't speak your
special spy code talk!
Come on, dude.
Don't make me do
the crab walk here.
Fine, kid.
Where do you keep the shit
tickets in this dump?
The linen closet!
Right down the hall.
Hurry!
Jeez, deliver me from 1978.
Did you find it?
No, but I think I found
your dad's time machine.
Dammit, HELPeR,
if I wasn't afraid
it might stop my heart,
I would shut you down.
"'Don't take another step,' said
Giant Boy Detective, urgently.
'The floor is booby-trapped!'
'How do you know?'
asked Suzy--"
All right, Wishbone.
Why don't you give
Giant Boy Detective a rest?
You're givin' me
a migraine here.
I only have five more
chapters to go.
It'd be a whole lot more fun
if you read Suzy's parts.
"'Gosh,' said Suzy,
'How did you know it was
the rancher all along?'
'Simple, Suzy,'
thundered Giant Boy Detective,
his freakishly loud voice
echoing off the walls
of the old mine.
'Cow patties don't sparkle.
That was gold dust
on his boots!'
The end."
Happy now?
Wow.
I did not see that coming.
Brock!
I know you couldn't
quit us!
Shh. They can't know
that I'm here.
HELPeR!
I knew you couldn't quit us!
You gotta be quiet.
I don't have much time.
Now where is everybody?
Hank's in the bathroom
with Mr. Doe or something.
Pop's getting yelled at by
a bunch of your old friends...
Samson! What the dog-dammit
are you doing back?
Brock,
are you 'on the lam'?
No time to explain.
Here.
Give this to your dad for me.
I gotta go.
Wait. Are you taking
HELPeR with you?
Yyyyyeah, Dean.
I'm afraid I gotta borrow him
for a while.
Then here.
Take my hoverbike.
You keep it, Dean.
And tell your brother...
I don't know.
Tell him to "stay gold"
or you write something.
You're good with words.
Had a total cray-pas situation
up there.
Took me a while
to lock it down.
Whoa?
What happened to these guys?
What did you bore them
to death?
Brock.
H-He was just here.
You missed him.
Oooh, yeah.
And what, he whisked away
up the chimney
with a thumb of his nose?
Ooh! Wait!
I think I hear hoofsteps up
on the roof!
That's the X-1!
Maybe Brock's back!
You hear that, Giant Boy Detective?
Brock's home!
His name isn't
Giant Boy Detective.
And Dad said he has to go.
Giant Boy Detective
isn't going anywhere.
Aw, H. E. Double hockey sticks!
It's the X-1 alright.
But that sure ain't Brock.
What the hell
did you do to my jet!?
You, sir, are lucky
I returned it.
No, you're lucky it has
a homing autopilot function!
What is going on?
Who are these idiots?
This is my LARP crew,
The Orchard Street Wolf Pack.
They are here
to keep the peace.
Now step aside!
I have business
to attend to!
Finally!
Look what they did to my jet.
I think the Monarch's boys
did that.
Whatever!
Just... I don't know.
Kill these guys
or something.
What you got there?
Foam swords?
We made them ourselves.
Mine's a battle axe.
Look, I'm sorry!
But I'm in deep doo-doo with
this whole cloning thing.
The OSI's on my ass,
and now I have
these other nut-bags
making me clone their dead hero
"or else."
I don't care.
I gave you a priceless family
heirloom and you deceived me.
Now good day!
I've come to seek council with
the necromancer in your village.
But you're a necromancer!
That's what necromancers do!
That is the definition
of necromancer!
Well, yes, technically.
But the term is used
loosely these days.
Magician, wizard, warlock...
they sound rather goofy.
Necromancer is all
we've got left.
Omelet?
You can't do anything?
I'm sorry, I can't hel-
what is that racket?!
Drop it!
Drop it, boy!
Drop!
Drop it!
He's been in
my reliquary chest!
I'm sorry!
My dad wanted to kill him!
I was gonna hide him here!
He has the holy arm of
Saint Moses the Black of Scete!
Where did he even find it?
This dog has
a great evil in him!
That is learned behavior.
That's the owner's fault
usually.
You have to show them
that you're the alpha male!
Not even the great
Cesar Milan
could whisper
this hell hound!
Dean, give me
your funny pages!
Bad news, Dean.
Your dog is
the spawn of hell,
and you must kill him.
Why does everybody want
to kill my dog!?
Because he carries
the soul of evil!
I must prepare
the ritual of cleansing!
I totally wish that guy
lived next to me.
Seriously cool.
And his daughter
is pretty.
Bonus...
Hey, aaah, what comic book
were you reading?
I've done all that I can,
but he's highly unstable
in this state.
We thank you, Herr Doctor.
You will be
rewarded handsomely
in the fourth Reich.
Yeah, whatever.
But if you fellas don't find
another body soon,
you're gonna be all
out of Reichs.
Workin' with Nazis now?
That's pretty low,
even for you.
Oh, hey.
You Hunter's friend, right?
Not anymore.
I need an operation fast.
And you're the best
I know at this kind of...
unorthodox work.
Lemme guess -- you want
to beat up Hunter
but you can't punch a girl?
So you want me to make
a snip, snip!
Meow! Cat fight!
What? No.
I want you to remove something
a little higher up.
What made you change
your mind?
Huh?
I put in a lot of those
this year.
Ever since the Iron Man,
everybody wants
the robot hearts.
Yeah, well...theirs probably
don't talk this much.
How come all of a sudden
you trust me now?
What's to stop me
from killing you
when you're under?
Him...
Hmm.
Oh.
Aha!
Okay.
And... time!
Wha!
Oh...
the stopwatch doesn't have
an hour function, so...
whatever.
You somehow built your
blindfold into your gun.
And I'm pretty sure
the trigger doesn't go there.
Hank,
where is your uniform?
I'm not wearing
that clown suit.
And you are
not the boss of me.
Au contraire!
I'm Tony Danza to your
spunky Alyssa Milano!
I am full on Charles in charge
of you!
You are my unit!
Unit.
And a unit operates as one!
We dress the same,
we walk the same,
we eat the same!
Do you like pineapples and ham
on your pizza?
Gross, no.
Well you do now!
Why? Because I do!
Unit!
Now put on your Venture blues
before I tell you
how much you love country
and western music!
Brock is my bodyguard.
Not you.
Take this.
Cool! Okay.
Now shoot me.
Huh?
Really?
Henry, I trust you.
And if you don't trust me,
I want you to shoot me.
Hank.
I don't like Henry.
Well I love Henry!
Now shoot me!
Those bullets are like
a dollar each!
I'm taking every missed shot out
of your allowance!
Will you two stop it!
When the going gets tough,
that boy always gets going.
You really want me
to shoot you?
I have tried everything
to earn your respect.
If this is what it's gonna take
to get it,
I'll take the bullet!
Shoot me, Henry!
That's two dollars out
of your allowance,
and I'm still not bleeding!
Hot damn potato!
Ya hit me!
Oh my God!
I am so sorry.
Don't apologize, boy!
Remember this moment!
Remember when we became
blood brothers!
Remember when ol' Hatred
took a bullet for you!
Remember the power,
the regret, the confusion!
Get it away from me!
Come on, Dean!
HELPeR's back!
It's just like
when Brock was here!
He just wants a hug, Dean!
It's time, Steve.
I have to do this.
Violence begets violence.
You don't have to live
like that anymore.
They played me
for a fool.
Double-crossed me.
All of them.
If I don't do this,
I'll never be free.
Maybe you should
wait a while.
I mean, you're not exactly
in peak physical condition.
I'm just gonna keep getting
softer if I stay any longer.
I tried to get you to run
with me in the mornings...
You got bionic legs, man.
It's no fun trying to keep up.
Aww.
Hey, what's this?
For me?
Well, we couldn't let you go off
on a commando raid
half-dressed, now, could we?
I got you guys something, too.
I'm afraid art therapy
isn't really my bag, but...
it's the least I could do
to thank you for all your help.
It's beautiful.
We'll cherish it always.
I'll send you a postcard
if I make it.
And you! Stay away
from those campers, huh?
I don't wanna see you
on youtube again.
Why does everybody
suddenly want clones?
What are you guys gonna
pay me with, a dog?
I'm not taking
any more barters!
I need cash.
You will be paid
handsomely.
You and your family
will live like kings
in the glory of
the new fatherland!
Wait!
You guys are Nazis!
- Nein, we are not.
- Yes, you are!
And that's like the worst fake
German accent I've ever heard.
Vis is undt outrage!
Yours is worse!
Wait!
I get this...
really?
You went with
that cliche?
C'mon, really?
This dog is
the Blood Grail!
In his veins
flows the blood
of our leader.
Yeah, Hitler.
I'm not cloning Hitler!
Get out of here.
This is not a request.
You have eight months
to take that dog
and make a beautiful
pink sweet baby Hitler.
If upon our return,
this is not
accomplished,
the consequences
will be grave,
Herr Dr. Venture.
A doggie!
And he likes me.
Hank, we can't wait
for Brock anymore.
We need a bodyguard.
Aw, c'mon!
The doggie made a poo poo!
Great!
Some fucking master race...
Dean, don't get attached
to that rotten dog,
he's not staying.
Burgos, Carl.
Serbian diplomat.
He's giving a speech
at the U.N. on Thursday
and the JSO want him dead.
But not in their
back yard.
Hmph.
What's the offer?
One hundred fifty.
Tell 'em two hundred
and give it to Zara. Next.
Gustavson, Paul.
Norwegian industrialist.
Greenpeace says the pollution
from his factory...
What the-- hey!
What? Hey!
Who are you?
Are you with the
Blackhearts?
None of your business.
Get out of here.
You get out of here.
I was here first.
Why don't you make me?
Last order of business.
I think we may have a mole
within the organization.
Really?
What gives you...
that impression?
Idiots!
Whoa whoa whoa.
Easy, there, Babe Ruthless.
That's close enough.
Samson!?
Jeez, is that you?
You have really
let yourself go.
What're you gonna do,
little man -- woman.
I know you know how
to stab me in the back,
but do you really have
the balls to shoot me?
Nope.
But she does.
All right,
let's say I do it.
You do understand that
he'll be a little baby
and have none of
your friend's memories.
Really?
That's a gyp.
I thought maybe
he'd look like Hank.
Fat chance,
I lost all my slugs
with your friend out there.
Fine! Do it!
I will raise him
as my own son!
Anything!
Just bring 24 back to me,
please!
Okay, okay!
Let's see the half mill.
This relic belonged
to my father's father.
It has been passed down
to the first born male
in my family's line.
What?
It's a comic.
A comic that has a price on it
for ten cents.
A comic?
That is Marvel number one!
Look, I wasn't born
yesterday.
There is no way that something
featuring Ka-zar the Great,
and 12 pages of jungle adventure
is worth half a million bucks.
That's in almost
dead mint condition!
That is
CGC rated at 9.6!
Okay, why don't you go
sell your magic beans
to another superscientist
with an illegal
cloning facility.
I'm done with this crap.
Hold on to this.
Look it up on the internet.
You will see that what I tell
you is completely true.
And take this.
What's this -- the world's
most valuable cooler?
It's cloning material.
It's 24's finger.
It still has the Blackbeard's
diamond treasure ring I got him.
You can keep that
too, I guess.
It's worth two low, low payments
of 29.95.
Alright, get out of here.
I don't want to tell my kids
about this crap.
Sorry about the bad news
Highlander.
Looks like you'll never
see the Quickening.
Huh?
Hey, Pop!
This came for you all the way
from Argentina.
Hank, this is opened
already.
I had to, it was beeping.
So explosive device
never occurred to you?
Hank, you gotta
be more careful now!
Your safety net's gone.
I know...
Brock's gone.
Yeah, that too.
What is this?
It's HELPeR's head wrapped up
in Brock's coat.
Good God, he's been left on.
It's okay.
Okay, I know, boy, it must have
been a nightmare.
Hank, push the eyes for five
seconds while I hold this.
Are we retrieving
his data files
to find out where Brock is?
He's in Argentina
near a Mailboxes, Etc.
No, this is
a hard-reboot.
I'm not about to send
a robot to therapy.
Can I have Brock's jacket?
If you're so excited
about worthless garbage,
you want this too?
Yeah, totally!
What?
What's this crap?
Where's Batman?!
What is your relationship with
the assassin
Molotov Cocktease?
It's...complicated.
How long have you known
about our operation?
What operation?
I didn't even know
you guys still existed.
You expect us to believe
it's just coincidence
that an O.S.I. Agent waltzed
into the middle
of an ongoing S.P.H.I.N.X.
Operation?
I don't care what you believe.
I told you, I'm not
with the agency anymore.
I quit.
Or they fired me.
I don't even know
anymore, man.
I see.
Well, then perhaps we'll leave
the two of you
to discuss what it is
we should do with you.
"The two of you?"
Helluva pickle you got us into,
eh, boy-o?
Hunter!
They got you, too, huh?
Well it serves you right,
you two-timing bitch.
What the hell are you so P.O.'d
at me for?
So I sicced those three
reprobates on you.
So what?
You're Brock Samson, damn it!
Thought I'd add a little
spice to your life.
So, what, you did me
a favor?
You're damn skippy,
I did!
Got you out of that
dead end job
and back to doing
what you're best at.
And then what?
You were hoping I'd be so
grateful to you and Molotov
I'd join up with your little
thrill kill girls' club?
Sorry, I don't have
the tits for it.
'Coulda fooled me,
Poppin' Fresh.
Unless...
you were working undercover...
That's it.
Work it out, Thinkenstein.
The sex change, the defection--
it was all a ruse
so you could infiltrate
Molotov's group?
Well, you're half-right
so far...
You're still with O.S.I.,
aren't you?
S.P.H.I.N.X. wasn't
after Molotov--
They were after you!
I knew it!
Boy-o...
you don't know dick.
The cleansing of fire
is complete.
Now Hitler must die...
again.
Bring me
giant boy detective!
He ran away.
Hark!
Who goes there?!
It's okay,
Giant Boy Detective.
Whose a good dog?
I mean, Hitler.
Who's a good...
Fuhrer?
Alert!
Come in--
Na, na, no, lone wolf.
We don't want to tattle.
I can cross
"stab Hitler to death"
off my list of cool crap
I thought
I'd never get to do.
Brock?
Hey Hank...
'killed Hitler...
W-Why are you here?
Why are you wearing that?
Why didn't you
say good bye to me?
- Why didn't--
- Hank! Listen buddy.
You have to trust me.
You can't tell anybody
we were here.
This is our little secret.
Why did you leave me?
Hank, I'll never
leave you.
But right now, these guys
need me a little more.
You can share me Hank,
can't you?
I mean look how
big you got.
Can barely get my hands
around these shoulders.
Hank! Hank!
I'm over here!
It's okay! I'm with --
Hank, did you kill Hitler?
No, it was...
it was...
an angel.
Oh...
I thought it was you.
I was gonna buy you
an ice cream cake and stuff.
Naw, I was just kidding.
Yeah, it was me.
I totally killed Hitler.
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org